Roses are #FF0000, Violets are #0000FF. All my base Are belong to you someone on SlashDot.

There is no place like 127.0.0.1.

Girls are like Internet Domain names; the ones I like are already taken.

Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.

Computers are incredibly fast, accurate, and stupid; humans are incredibly slow, inaccurate and brilliant; together they are powerful beyond imagination. Albert Einstein

There are 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand binary and those who don’t.

If at first you don’t succeed, call it version 1.0

1f u c4n r34d th1s u r34lly n33d t0 g37 l41d

I’m not anti-social; I’m just not user friendly.

 I would love to change the world, but they won’t give me the source code

 My Software never has bugs. It just develops random features.

 The speed of sound is defined by the distance from door to computer divided by the time interval needed to close the media player and pull up your pants when your mom shouts “OH MY GOD WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!

 The glass is neither half-full nor half-empty: it’s twice as big as it needs to be.

 Passwords are like underwear. You shouldn’t leave them out where people can see them. You should change them regularly. And you shouldn’t loan them out to strangers

 Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue.

 A Life? Cool! Where can I download one of those?

 I spent a minute looking at my own code by accident. I was thinking “What the hell is this guy doing?”

 Concept: On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape button.

 Alert! User Error. Please replace user and press any key to continue.

 If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization. Weinberg’s Second Law

 A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history – with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila.

 People say that if you play Microsoft CDs backwards, you hear satanic things, but thats nothing, because if you play them forwards, they install Windows.

 In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?

 Failure is not an option — it comes bundled with Windows

 JUST SHUT UP AND REBOOT!!

 Microsoft: You’ve got questions. We’ve got dancing paperclips.

 Software is like sex: Its better when its free.

 Better to be a geek than an idiot.

 Who needs friends? My PC is user friendly.

 A penny saved is 1.39 cents earned, if you consider income tax.
